V1.1 (#97)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/obtain-connected-apps-credentials.adoc

= Obtain Connected Apps Credentials
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, Connected Apps credentials

> Connected Apps enables you to seamlessly integrate external applications with Anypoint Platform. Using Connected Apps, you can provide access to external applications without having to share your user credentials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connected Apps enables you to seamlessly integrate external applications with Anypoint Platform. Using Connected Apps, you can provide access to external applications without sharing your user credentials. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To create a Connected App and obtains its credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Connected App and obtain its credentials:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Access Management* > *Connected Apps* > *Create App*.
. In the *Name* field, specify a name for the app.

> . In the *Type* field, select the *App acts on its own behalf (client credentials)* option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Type* field, select *App acts on its own behalf (client credentials)*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Click *Add Scopes* and select the *Exchange Contributor* and *Manage APIs Configuration* scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add Scopes* and select the *Exchange Contributor* and *Manage APIs Configuration* scopes:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> * For the `Exchange contributor` scope, you must select the required business groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For *Exchange Contributor*, select the required business groups.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * For the `Manage APIs Configuration` scope, you must select the required business groups and environments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For *Manage APIs Configuration*, select the required business groups and environments.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Click *Next* and select the business group and environments to add the scope.

Reviewer: Wait, what is happening here?
The previous step has the user selecting groups and environments, so it makes no sense to click Next and then do it again.

Reviewer: copyedit only; review need to use at all:
```suggestion
. Click *Next* and select the business group and environments to add to the scope.
```

Author: No it is first they select the scope and then when they click Next they finally add the selected scope. Done! Thanks!

+

> The *Review* button is greyed out until you choose an environment for each of the added business groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Review* button is disabled until you choose an environment for each of the added business groups.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Click *Review* and then click *Add Scopes*.

> . Click *Save*.

Reviewer: Please review lines 14-21 for accuracy of chronology; it looks to me like actions are repeated and I want to be sure you intended that.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . From the Connected Apps page, click the *Copy Id* and *Copy Secret* buttons for app you just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the Connected Apps page, click the *Copy Id* and *Copy Secret* buttons for the app you just created:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Obtain Connected Apps Credentials
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, Connected Apps credentials

> Connected Apps enables you seamlessly integrate external applications with Anypoint Platform. Using the Connected App client, you can provide access to external applications without having to share sensitive credentials. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connected Apps enables you seamlessly integrate external applications with Anypoint Platform. Using Connected App, you can provide access to external applications without having to share your user credentials. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> // To configure and grant access for external applications, you must create a xref:access-management::connected-apps-org-admin.adoc[Connected App for Organization Administrators].

Reviewer 2: Comment detected

Author: Removed! Done! Thanks!

> To create a Connected App and obtains it credentials:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a Connected App and obtain its credentials:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Access Management* > *Connected Apps* > *Create App*.
. In the *Name* field, specify a name for the app.
. In the *Type* field, select the *App acts on its own behalf (client credentials)* option.
. Click *Add Scopes* and select the *Exchange Contributor* and *Manage APIs Configuration* scopes.
+
* For the `Exchange contributor` scope, you must select the required business groups.
* For the `Manage APIs Configuration` scope, you must select the required business groups and environments,
. Click *Next* and select the business group and environments to add the scope.
+
The *Review* button is greyed out until you choose an environment for each of the added business groups.
. Click *Review* and then click *Add Scopes*.
. Click *Save*.

> . From the Connected App page, click the *Copy Id* and *Copy Secret* buttons for app you just created.

Reviewer 3: What do you think of changing this phrase for something like this?
```suggestion
. From the Connected Apps page, click the *Copy Id* and *Copy Secret* buttons for the required credentials of the app you just created.
```

Author: Corrected the Apps part. I think the rest looks fine as is.

+
image:copy-client-creds-connected-apps-SM.png[Obtain Client Credentials from Connected Apps]
+
You can now paste the client credentials into your CRD file.

> 

Reviewer 2: Are this empty lines okay?

Author: Removed! Done! Thanks!
